# Union-Square-Market

1) Basic Peer-to-peer network with buyers and sellers - The bazaar contains two types of people: buyers and sellers. Each seller sells one of the following goods: fish, salt, or boars. Each buyer in the bazaar is looking to buy one of these three items. Each buyer shall gently whisper their needs to all her neighbors, who will then propagate the message to their neighbors and so on until a seller is found or the maximum limit on the number of hops a message can traverse is reached. If a seller is found, the seller sends back a response that traverses the reverse direction back to the buyer. At this point, the buyer and the seller directly enter into a transaction (without using intermediate peers).

2) Election algorithm - At the very beginning, the bazaar served the Gauls well. However, with the bazaar's growing popularity, too many whispers got lost in the din. After a town meeting, Vitalstatix, the village chief, decreed that henceforth the bazaar will adopt a trading post model. The Gauls will use a leader election algorithm to elect a trader, who will be in charge of the trading post. All sellers will deposit their goods when the market opens with the trader. Buyers will buy from the trader and the trader will pay the seller after each sale (after deducting a suitable commission).

3) Sync and Cached approach - The trading post model served the Gauls very well at the beginning. However, with the growing popularity of the market, the Gauls found that the trader became the new bottleneck. Sellers and buyers needed to wait for a long time to be served. Vitalstatix, the village chief, decreed that henceforth trading posts shall be replicated — there shall be multiple trading posts. The new market model will have one trader at each post. They shall use a common warehouse where all items for sale are stored. Any item that is sold is shipped from the warehouse, back to the trader, and handed off to the buyer. New items that are offered for sale are added to the warehouse. Any trader can take buy or sell requests for any item. Sellers can deposit their goods with any trader. Buyers can buy from any trader.


